rpc: use `importdescriptors` with Core >= 0.21 (#628)
bitcoindevkit/bdk: CHANGELOG.md

  - Creation of Taproot PSBTs (BIP-371)
  - Signing Taproot PSBTs (key spend and script spend)
  - Support for `tr()` descriptors in the `descriptor!()` macro

> - Add support for Bitcoin Core 23.0 when using the `rpc` blockchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Bitcoin Core 22.0 and pre-22.0 when using the `rpc` blockchain
```

Author: 22.0 and before were already supported previously, since we were always creating legacy wallets and using importmulti.

With this PR we add support for 23 which uses descriptor wallets by default, and change a bit the way we interact with wallets 0.21 and up.. but they were already supported before, so from the user's perspective I guess the only change is that now they can use it with 23 while previously they couldn't

Reviewer: But in this PR the CI is testing with `electrsd/bitcoind_22_0` for `test-electrum`, `test-rpc` and `test-esplora` , and when I tried changing these to `bitcoind_23_0` the tests hung and failed for `test-electrum` and `test-rpc`, I have some notes in the (resolved) comment above. 

Since we're not adding any new support for rpc with core 23 how about I remove the changelog message instead?

Author: Ah I see what you mean. I would keep it there because we've actually added support for 23, it's just the automated tests that are still failing.

I guess the confusion comes from the fact that my original issue was referring to the tests against 23 failing, but in fact it was not just the tests, it was BDK being completely broken with 23.0. So now this PR fixed BDK so that it can properly interact with newer nodes, but since the tests are still failing somewhere in our mechanism to automate them, I kept the tests running against 22.

I tested it manually by switching the bitcoind feature to use bitcoin 23 and running the `rpcwallet` example, which internally spawns a core node with electrsd, and it works just fine. Same thing for older versions compared to what we test for, it works fine all the way back to 0.18.1. It's just again the tests hanging with core < 0.20 for some reason.

I'm attaching here the [logs](https://gist.github.com/afilini/b6f72e120356343c6deda24634b502d4) for the 23.0 and 0.18.1 run, they are a bit messy because there's the stdout from Core itself, plus logging from bdk and bitcoincore_rpc so that you can see all the calls being made. You'll notice that with the old node we use `importmulti`, while with the newer one we use `importdescriptors` which is what I implemented in this PR.

So long story short, BDK works with 23 now, we just have to figure out how to run automated tests reliably against it!

Reviewer: Ok that's great! I won't take your changelog message out and @rajarshimaitra and I are going to keep working on how to fix the automated tests.
